Added some more info about class ordering to the mergeClasses documentation. (#380)
microsoft/griffel: apps/website/docs/react/api/merge-classes.md

  const firstClassName = mergeClasses(isBold && classes.blueBold, classes.red);
  // 👆 { color: 'red', fontWeight: 'bold' }
  //    className "color-red font-weight-bold"
  const secondClassName = mergeClasses(classes.red, isBold && classes.blueBold);
  // 👆 { color: 'blue', fontWeight: 'bold' }
  //    className "color-blue font-weight-bold"
}
```

:::note

```mermaid
classDiagram
    direction BT

    Result <-- Input1
    Result <-- Input2

    Result : color blue
    Result : fontWeight bold

    class Input1 {
      color red
      fontWeight bold
    }
    class Input2 {
      color blue
    }
```

Compared to native CSS, the order of arguments in `mergeClasses()` affects the results. This lets you control styles with JavaScript.

:::

In CSS the order of the class names doesn't affect the application of styles. If you have issues with style specificity or ordering, look at the generated CSS rather than the class names.

> Griffel perform ordering of CSS rules, check [the order of pseudo classes](react/guides/atomic-css#lvfha-order-of-pseudo-classes).

Author: ```suggestion
Griffel performs CSS rule ordering, check [the order of pseudo classes](react/guides/atomic-css#lvfha-order-of-pseudo-classes).
```
